feat(scaleable): add scaleable props to each component (#531)
geist-org/react: pages/en-us/guide/scaleable.mdx

import NextLink from 'next/link'
import { Layout, GridDemo, Attributes } from 'lib/components'
import { Note, Text, Spacer, Display, Code, Grid, Button, Link } from 'components'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Scaleable',
  group: 'customization',
  index: 30,
}

## Scaleable

> <Note type="warning">Scaleable requires Geist UI not less than version v2.2.0.</Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note type="warning">
  This feature was introduced in Geist v2.2.0 and up. If you’re using older versions of Geist,
  please upgrade before trying it out.
</Note>
```
